People make fun of Jersey girls, but I think they're just jealous.
I'm a Jersey girl, no one can knock me down.
When times get tough, you learn who your real friends are.
Haters are gonna hate, but I just love, love, love.
You never know how strong you are until it's the only choice you have.
I live a life that most girls only dream of.
I never throw the first punch, but I'm always a knockout.
Sexy life, loyal wife, take a page from my book.
You're not seeing double, you're seeing trouble!
I'm a survivor, no one is bringing me down.
If you think I'm a bitch, then bring it on.
I'm back to bring the zen. Namaste, bitches!
If you're gonna mess with my family, you're messing with me.
Life is about change, sometimes you just have to roll with the punches.
LIfe is short, I have no time for drama.
Love me or hate me, I always speak the truth.
Everyone likes to have nice things, but I'm not one to brag about it.
I can hold my own. I am my own person.
I am a Vegas girl, I will call your bluff.
I've faced my share of challenges but I'm tougher than I look.
People say that I'm sweet, but I'm tough so don't cross me.
We're old school, we believe in respect.
If you can't take the heat, get out of my kitchen.
You're either gonna love me or hate me. There's no in between with me.
I'm the hottest housewife in Orange County.
I'm not the new girl anymore, so watch out.
Housewives come younger, but they don't come hotter.
I'm done being a trophy wife, freedom only makes me hotter.
I call the shots in my life now, and I have good aim.
The best thing about starting over is never looking back.
I'm not getting older, I'm just getting bolder.
I may be married to a plastic surgeon but I'm 90%z real.
Whoever said blondes have more fun, hasn't had me.
You may think I have it all, but I'm just getting started.
Standing out is much more fun than fitting in.
Orange County is full of secrets, but I have nothing to hide.
I don't wanna get old.
Here's to not being fake.
Everything gotta be huge, large, and grand.
I want the power and the money, and I want them both.
I love my family, I love my work, I love my life.
I make my own money, and I make my own rules.
My tank is fully and I"m driving into my future.
I'm my own boss and it's time for a raise.
I make my own rules, so don't expect me to follow yours.
Am I high maintenance? Of course I am, look at me.
Got is my savior, my husband is my king, and my body? It's sinful.
I think God every day for my life, and you would too.
I don't need to prove anything. I know who I am and God does too.
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
I love the bling, I love the jewelry, I love it all.
I'm smart, I'm sexy, and I"m confident. Of course people are gonna talk about me
Don't call me a princess, call me the boss.
When the going gets tough, I just get stronger and stronger.
It's just money, you can't take it with you.
I have always wanted things. I crave money.
I love money and now I'm loving life.
It doesn't matter what happens in life, I do it my way.
Money is a girl's best friend, and I love friends.
He's pretty much keeping me.
I deserve only the best, I'm worth it!
Most women around here have had breast implants.
Are the police involved?
I was poor, I was rich, I was poor again and you know what? Having money is easier.
You know what? I'm living the Orange County lifestyle again. I feel like royalty
I'm just your typical Orange County housewife. I am obsessed with being young.
It's not about how much money you have, it's about how good you look spending it
Soccer moms drive minivans, but this girl drives a Bentley.
I love having a younger man in my life.
I don't let my kids or my exes drive me crazy.
No matter how much money you have, you can always rely on other.
Never underestimate a woman born and raised in New York City.
When people tell me I'm fake, I know they're just pulling my leg.
I may be a princess, but I'm definitely not a drama queen.
If you're going to talk about me behind my back, at least check out my great ass
My success is built on making women look and feel their best. Holla!
A true New Yorker never backs down, and I'm no exception. Holla!
I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but I'm pretty!
I like making my own money, I find that an aphrodisiac.
If people can't handle the truth, it's really not my problem.
I'm not afraid to say what everyone is thinking.
Get the Pinot ready, because it's Turtle Time!
I have a taste for luxury, and luxury has a taste for me.
A little Sonja will spice up any party.
SOmetimes Sonja has to go commando. What can I say?
To a certain group of people in New York, status is everything.
I've always had my opinions, but now people know it.
New York City is my playground.
I have everything I've ever wanted, and it's all on my own terms.
I've created a great life, and I love living it.
I'm living the American Dream, one mistake at a time.
I know how to work it, and be seen.
Beauty fades, class is forever.
My business is beauty, and I'm the boss.
I have fame and fortune, and I've earned it.
I may be small, but my empire keeps on growing.
Music may be my passion, but family is forever.
I won Miss USA, not Miss Congeniality.
People may think they have me figured out, but I am always the wild card.
I don't keep up with the Jones', I am the Jones'.
When I walk into a room, I own it.
I have arrived, and the spotlight is on me, honey.
Success is in my DNA. When one door closes, another one opens.
I'm the ultimate Southern belle, I get what I want.
I'm a Southern belle, brains, booty and all business.
A true Southern belle knows her worth, and I am priceless.
People say I have a picture perfect life, and I do.
I am still standing, and I am making my own rules.
In Atlanta, money and class do give you power.
People call me a gold digger, but they just want what I have.
I asked, believed, and I received.
I always knew I was destined for greatness.
If it doesn't make me money, I don't do it.
People are intimidated by my success.
I like things that are elegant and sophisticated, just like me.
Money is what I have, not who I am.
Having it all is easy, if you're willing to work for it.
Know your friends, show your enemies the door.
Money doesn't give you class, it just gives you money.
In Beverly Hills, the higher you climb the farther you fall.
I was a child star, but my most important role is being a mother.
People try to figure me out, but I'm one of a kind.
Life is a journey, and I'm finding myself every day.
Everybody loves a comeback story, especially starring me.
In a town full of phonies, I'm not afraid to be me.
I'm not the richest girl in Beverly Hills, but I am the luckiest.
I'm born and raised in Beverly Hills, this is my town.
I'm from this town. I know what's real and I know what's fake.
In Beverly Hills it's who you know, and I know everyone.
Life in Beverly Hills is a game, and I make the rules.
Life is not all diamonds and rose, but it should be.
Life is a sexy little dance, and I like to take the lead.
I may look like I have it all, but I want more.
I finally found my voice, and I'm not afraid to use it.
I fought too hard for this zip code to go home now.
I like to have fun, but I don't play games.
Don't tell me you're my friend, act like one.
You can never be too young, too thin, or too honest.
In my world, money doesn't talk, it swears.
I'm here for a good time, not a long time.
I give people enough rope to hang themselves, and the smart people don't.
I don't make money, I spend money.
People have a hard time saying no to me and that's been my blessing.
I speak five languages but I can get a man with no words.
I may speak five languages but my true language is independence.
Some people say I have secrets, but I say I am full of surprises
Beauty is power, if you know how to use it.
This Cuban doll is back on the scene, and living the dream.
Whether in the courtroom or the kitchen, I bring the heat.
In my world, attitude is everything, I'm keeping it real.
I'm a model, but not always a model citizen.
Don't hate me because I have it all, hate me because I'm beautiful.
If you don't like my smile, then don't look my way.
I care about a lot of things, what other think of me isn't one of them.
I can deal with a lot, but I can't deal with stupid.
I live my life like everything matters because I think it does.
Everyone loves to underestimate me and I love to prove them wrong.

























